updating domain and netlify information (#299)
cncf/techdocs: docs/services.md

should have access to Netlify A decision on whether your project will use CNCF’s
CLA or Github’s DCO for committer verification.

> Please see the [Netlify and Domains Setup](netlify-domains-setup.md) page for
> more information.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Netlify and domain setup](netlify-domains-setup.md).
```

Author: Good edit, thx
